chore: improve test filtering to use mocha hooks (#3095)
mongodb/node-mongodb-native: test/readme.md

> **Note:** When making driver changes, you will need to run `npm run build:ts` with each change in order for it to take effect.

## Writing Tests

> > TODO: flesh this section out more

Reviewer: are you intentionally leaving the TODO here?

Author: There's a lot more that could be written here about how to write good tests / how our to go about fitting into the way we write them, I could file follow up but I'd want to be specific if I made tickets. Like reccomending hooks for client creation and cleanup, or table tests when possible, or minimize assertions to keep a test clear. Does that all sounds like something that would fit here? 

My short term goal was to capture these hazards at least somewhere

Reviewer: I think it's a good idea to do in the future, but this is fine for now

We use mocha to construct our test suites and chai to assert expectations.

Some special notes on how mocha works with our testing setup:

- `before` hooks will run even if a test is skipped by the environment it runs on.
  - So, for example, if your before hook does logic that can only run on a certain server version you can't depend on your test block metadata to filter for that.

> - `after` hooks cannot be used to clean up clients because the session leak checker currently runs its afterEach hook first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `after` hooks cannot be used to clean up clients because the session leak checker currently runs in an `afterEach` hook, which would be executed before any `after` hook has a chance to run
```
